Update docs on new model couplers (#3723)
PecanProject/pecan: book_source/03_topical_pages/11_adding_to_pecan.Rmd

Whether you implement this function or convert outputs some other way, please note that PEcAn expects all outputs to be broken up into ANNUAL files with the year number as the file name (i.e. YEAR.nc), though these files may contain any number of scalars, vectors, matrices, or arrays of model outputs, such as time-series of each output variable at the model's native timestep.

Note: PEcAn reads all variable names from the files themselves so it is possible to add additional variables that are not part of the MsTMIP standard. Similarly, there are no REQUIRED output variables, though *time* is highly encouraged. We are shortly going establish a canonical list of PEcAn variables so that if users add additional output variables they become part of the standard. **We don't want two different models to call the same output with two different names or different units** as this would prohibit the multi-model syntheses and comparisons that PEcAn is designed to facilitate.

> #### met2model.MODEL

Reviewer: Would be nice to add a bit of text that at least gives a nod to the other input modules that one can (optionally) implement, such as initial conditions, soil physics, and phenology

Author: Took a stab in [1f94710](https://github.com/PecanProject/pecan/pull/3723/commits/1f94710e5a61880d208669e92020479431a3864b), copy-edits welcome

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

#### Additional Input Converters

In addition to met2model.MODEL, PEcAn also supports the following additional input conversions:
* veg2model.MODEL - handles vegetation initial conditions. Supports both pool-based and cohort-based models
* write.events.MODEL - handles management events (still in early development)
* soil physical parameters (e.g., texture, hydraulics, thermodynamics) - there is not yet a convention for stand-alone converters, existing models currently read the soil.nc file from settings$run$inputs$soil_physics as part of their write.configs. This file is generated by PEcAn.data.land::soil2netcdf
* vegetation phenology - there is not yet a convention for stand-alone converters, existing models read the phenology file from settings$run$inputs$leaf_phenology within their write.configs. This is currently a csv file with the columns: "year", "site_id", "lat", "lon", "leafonday","leafoffday","leafon_qa","leafoff_qa"
```

Author: @mdietze Yes, I like this summary and think it can replace rather than coexist with the "Other input converters" section I added below. Agree?

* vegetation phenology - there is not yet a convention for stand-alone converters, existing models read the phenology file from settings$run$inputs$leaf_phenology within their write.configs. This is currently a csv file with the columns: "year", "site_id", "lat", "lon", "leafonday","leafoffday","leafon_qa","leafoff_qa"
#### Other input converters (optional)

Many models accept additional inputs beyond meteorology. Examples include initial site conditions, environmental controls such as soil physics  or hydrology factors or phenology, specifications of management or disturbance events, etc. We encourage model couplers to support these where appropriate, typically via (1) a custom function that handles conversion from PEcAn's input format to model-specific files, followed by (2) code in `write.config.MODEL` that integrates input values into run-specific setup. If write.config.MODEL knows how to work with the format PEcAn provides standard for that input, step (1) can be skipped.

> Because not all models accept these inputs and the implementation approach will differ substantially between models, the `pecan.MODEL` package template does not include function skeletons for conversion of non-met inputs. See the code of existing model coupler packages to find examples of how other models convert the PEcAn format for a given input stream into the inputs of interest to a specific model. For example PEcAn.SIPNET uses `write.events.SIPNET` to convert JSON records of agronomic management events into the ASCII format expected by the model, while phenology is read directly from CSV in `write.config.SIPNET` and therefore has no separate conversion function.

Author: ```suggestion

Because not all models accept these inputs, the `pecan.MODEL` package template does not include converter skeletons for them. See the code of existing model coupler packages to find examples, and ask freely in Slack for suggestions specific to your project.
```

Author: ☝️ Removing text that @mdietze improved on in the lines above
